README.md, before:

![toronto landscape](toronto_landscape.png.jpg)
# Welcome to Talebaatil Kulliyaatul Mumenaat Toronto! 


> Talebaatil Kulliyaatul Mumenaat is a committee/sanstha to **empower** the young women of the _Dawoodi Bohra community_.  As young mumenaat we have experiences that are **exclusive to our community**. We would like to create a community of women who balance _both deen and duniya_ and foster a sense of **togetherness**.

Interested in becoming a part of the Toronto Talebaat community? Join <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScPm7-Wl1pFJNAHuVkmqWu45tZK1kGvBGPGvBR0rJDJgnmfLg/viewform?usp=sf_link">here</a>. :) 

* * *

**Kalimaat Nooraaniya from Aqa Moula TUS:** 

![moula bayan](activities_culture.png)


* * *


### Activities and Upcoming Events

Stay tuned for upcoming events we are planning for you! :)

Click <a href="https://talebaattoronto.github.io/Events">here</a> for more information on Events. 

* * *


#### _Khuda Ta'ala Saifuddin Moula TUS ni umr shareef ne ta roze qayamat daraz ane daraz karjo. Ameen!_

Commit message:

updated activities & upcoming events section-home

README.md, after:

![toronto landscape](toronto_landscape.png.jpg)
# Welcome to Talebaatil Kulliyaatul Mumenaat Toronto! 


> Talebaatil Kulliyaatul Mumenaat is a committee/sanstha to **empower** the young women of the _Dawoodi Bohra community_.  As young mumenaat we have experiences that are **exclusive to our community**. We would like to create a community of women who balance _both deen and duniya_ and foster a sense of **togetherness**.

Interested in becoming a part of the Toronto Talebaat community? Join <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScPm7-Wl1pFJNAHuVkmqWu45tZK1kGvBGPGvBR0rJDJgnmfLg/viewform?usp=sf_link">here</a>. :) 

* * *

**Kalimaat Nooraaniya from Aqa Moula TUS:** 

![moula bayan](activities_culture.png)


* * *


### Activities and Upcoming Events

We are planning an exciting event for mid-Summer, details will be displayed soon! Please check here regularly! :)

Click <a href="https://talebaattoronto.github.io/Events">here</a> for more information on Events and to see photos from previous events! 

* * *


#### _Khuda Ta'ala Saifuddin Moula TUS ni umr shareef ne ta roze qayamat daraz ane daraz karjo. Ameen!_
